if you're looking for cheap fast
reliable coins go and check out you fee
for calm and use my discount code DJ 99
for five percent off would see me chief
Danny and welcome to the third episode
off via 15 cream and potential one the
kids today we're former players
including pairs like dosa and Draxler
also do I should have a massive question
for you guys basically I'm planning on
finishing my Liverpool creamers and so
on your guys comments do you think I
should continue at you think I should
move on to real madrid or bruce lee
dorman so in the comments leave a
hashtag dormant hashtag real madrid or
hashtag Liverpool's to leave that in the
comments section right now it's also if
we got smash over 250 lives I'll another
episode tomorrow s let's go into our
first player then so I first played
today's episode is going to merit go sir
this guy's played 27 games this year to
buy minik s going tangles along the way
and all students walk up here scored one
goal in his first four games of Germany
so see if 14 confident reduction 92 and
I've seen Saudi people again to like
crazy numbers on 95 which is absent
credible so for me I thing is 15
potential should be 91 I just met those
things at the bestest seasons and me I
don't think it will be as good as Heath
I thought why we would be in the future
at last year phenom ii i think i'm
trying to say there I don't think its
pledge was as good as it was I was still
could be a fantastic player for the
future so still had a great scene but he
waited these they're actually breaking
into the first team ever buy me more
often s let's go into our second players
today's episode then so our second
players today's episode is going to be
highly rated mark we knows this guy move
from a seroma last year something like
25 million air from my AS Roma to PSG
and so far has played a lot games but
I'll see a psg ago Thiago Silva they got
Alex and park when yours and that's why
my queen of Southern played all the
games this year so he's currently 14
potential is 89 and one more favor
finished using this game SOC 15
potential for me a shoe a tonight as
well as read their considering i should
put it down as a sniper centralized
absolutely dickless numbers as i make
support the highest potential add fend
off in 14 so for me I've maybe things
should go down back I didn't want to be
too controversial a bar still something
else a fantastic future ahead of him I
could potentially be the next Thiago
Silva so let's go
to offer players today's episode then so
guys off the plate today's episode is
going to be Brian sterling this guy's
impressed me so much as CF is live ball
and scored nine goals in three games
after the team say so unlucky it's not
win a league this year Bob see it see 4
cm trench was 85 I saw a lot of people
against someone crazed are 90 so he's
got the potential to be one of the best
players in FIFA 14 Kramer so for me I
think I see if 15 potential should be 87
and maybe even 80 acres you had a
fantastic year and especially the world
cup is all if you remember Paris said
the only player that really troubled him
during the game was indeed rhinestone
not really not stud or not even Jared
either so Sterling's clearly as a
potential if a legend like Pirlo says he
doesn't potential to be something big in
the future so comments Calgary's in the
future and let's see if he has a great
season and XD political so guys our
final player today's episode is going to
be Julian Draxler this guy found
fantastic scene for Schalke only into
girls were getting semiosis air first
came the burn singer and when will he
ever move to the Premier League its
tourism happened hey back a scene
happening maybe this trance window I may
be next year's walk remember he's only
20 years old and his palace new German
team at likes of us all you got go sir
and also Marco voices walls lips there's
so many great players a jemi have a
thing drag stars potential sb1 the best
players in the world in future years so
I can manually play for us all my main
United it could even go through hundred
hey John how how good he does air for
chakra this year so it's calming p4cm
potential is 85 and for me after
national greater plus three a 1080i
obviously I've seen lot people again to
my 19 on this game soft see a 85 is
quite low soft things we upgraded at the
high eighties may even 90 s up to you
guys in the comments section below so
that's that's going to be the end of
today's episode if you guys enjoyed went
to smash my luck on the video and even
get a 20 50 likes to learn other
episodes at my maybe today even a finger
at 150 likes a pretty quickly so thanks
watching and also mentor leave a comment
you want to see a dormant career mode
every I'm trick remote or a Liverpool
creamer continues so again thanks
watching and I'll see if the next
episode